and the challenge I show today how
make this make up so if that makes you
I leave you with the rest
so I start with the rms lighthouse
beauty with the solar tint that I'm going
apply directly to the fingers at
center of my eyelid
then I take the planet
a nice knight and I'm going to use
their blush cream which is this one that is
pretty awesome and I take a brush
group to take the material I
worked at the outer and inner corner
so the cream parks that serve me as a base
for makeup be really very
very intense a master already below
mourning
Then I'll take it the lighthouse
it is a lighthouse mac goodwin cap d'agde
who's called is a little bit too
just in the middle term and I'm going to take
me the black makeup of laval is a
battle so if I start tapping
to fix well with the cream
then put the lighthouse
mourning powder
I'm going to take a clean brush
so always months to pure lima that
I really use to fade
all together I take
golden glitter
he has these are the glitter black up
comes to pose on the lighthouse
I 'm just a beautiful lighthouse
so on the arcade rotten the look
but also to finish degrading
memory a black kohl pencil you in the
mucosa and also in the mucosa
higher then I'm not going to put any
liner since I want it to be
still something a little bit
smoked so I'm just going to put a little
little gold pencil anyway
redefine a little bit the look
so I had the first one
greenpride mascara one of the tools but
so there civil just even worse so
that's it for the eyes I'm going to put so
a small fringe of fossils well so
there I preferred to take a half
cross m view on the outer corner
in fact everything to tell you
full fringes in general I the
not support all the evening that annoys me
so after putting some glue I pose
false eyelashes to the lash so
as close as possible for it to be
the most natural in fact and I'm finishing
just with a tip of gloss
it's a gloss in the towers must
nothing with the make up
here is the look is over so not so
complicated finally pretty easy and
quite fast to achieve
in any case I hope he will you
inspire for your end makeup
of year if you ever realize this look
do not hesitate to share it on the page
facebook on instagram where you want in
anyway I do not wish very good
leaves world well